Okay, listen. Math Is Stupid is the most fun you're going to have today. I know, you're saying, "Hold on, math? That's boring. And actually, I have a lot of fun things planned for later and…”  Okay, I don’t care, just listen. 

Math Is Stupid is about Richard Nixon sending his arch enemy, Deep Throat, on a crazy cosmic mission to save the everybody ever by solving math equations that keep the fabric of space time intact. The controls are easy. The math is easy but ramps up real quick. You’re flying through space on a purple surfboard and there are cool space effects that I couldn’t figure out how to do myself, but I bought them off a guy on the internet for twenty dollars I think.

It’s free. I’m playing it right now, why aren’t you?

—

Math Is Stupid. You know what’s stupid, is you. I bet you couldn’t even do basic math flying through space on a purple surfboard if a giant disembodied head of Richard Nixon came to your house right now and told you too. Oh, you think you could? Well prove it. 

Look at you. Going on the app store, looking like a big dummy. All hemming and hawing whether you should download this free game that’s probably going to be the funnest thing you do all day. Are you on the toilet? Are you on the toilet at work just waiting for this miserable day to be over? Tell you what. Download Math Is Stupid. Play it. No one’s going to miss you for a couple more minutes. Did you bring your headphones? The music’s actually pretty good, you should use them. 

Anyway, what was I talking about? Yeah, download the game. What else are you doing that’s so great? 

—

If you don't love Math Is Stupid, you're a big dummy with no taste, straight up. The game follows Deep Throat from the Watergate scandal, as he flies through space adding and subtracting numbers, because it mends the fabric of the universe, or something? I don't know, just download it, try it, it'll all make sense and you'll have some fun. Listen, if you don't like it, I'll give you your money back. But it's free, so whatever.

—

Math Is Stupid is the fun new game that makes math fun! Featuring a non-stop supply of frantic fun… Jesus, does anybody read these? I’m like going into a coma just writing it. I know a game about math doesn’t seem that great. It might be the most fun math based game ever? I don’t know, I haven’t played all of them. But I think it’s a safe bet. 

—

Okay, listen. I liked this girl. She wasn’t that into me. So one day, I said to God, “Hey, God, what do I have to to do to get this girl to like me?” 

And he told me, “Make Math Is Stupid.”

 And I told him, “What’s Math Is Stupid?” 

And he went on and on about this math based video game that’s like half Donkey Kong Jr. Math and half Silver Surfer, and then I was like, “Wait, both those games suck, how is this going to be good?”

So he went on to explain how it would be fast paced, how fun and addictive the mechanics would be, and how there would be cool music and stuff, and I was like, “Ugh, okay, whatever. I don’t even care. But if I make the game, she’ll like me?” And he said yes and I made the game.

So, whoever’s reading this right now, you might even be the aforementioned girl I like, I don’t think it matters if you download the game. The deal was just for me to make it. But it’s free, you might as well have something to do next time you go to the bathroom. 







